Hello friends, in today's video we will learn
how to file a pre and post hospitalization claim on SCI Labad.
On the home page, you will see the claim option.
We will have to go to File Claim.
After this, as soon as we click on File Claim, we will have to
select Pre and Post Hospitalization here.
After doing this, we will proceed further. The
details of the insurance person will be there,
so we will select the person in whose name you want to make the claim.
Then you will have to update the rest of the
address details etc. here.
After updating, we will proceed.
After proceeding,
we will have to fill in all these details like hospital name, pin code, state, city.
As soon as we enter the pin code, it will
automatically pick up the state and city. Then the
date of admission, on which date the hospitalization took place
and on which date the discharge took place,
we will have to update the details of both of these
through the calendar. So
you can see that here we have
updated both the admission and discharge data
and if you have taken the cashless facility, then
Yes, yes, but otherwise no, you will have to select
your claim amount and enter it here,
then proceed.
After proceeding, the
name of the proposer, which means the insurance first
person, his name, his bank account
and his bank account
details have to be filled once again, then the
ISC code which is mentioned on his cheque book,
passbook and then the PAN
card number of the proposer has to be updated here, then
after this, the payment receipt, cancelled cheque,
discharge summary, final hospital bill,
pharmacy, medical bill and the rest of the details which
we have to update here, if it will be
in PDF or JPG, then
whatever it is and it should be clear, it has to be
uploaded here, so here we will upload it one to one and
show it once,
you will go to the document and click on the document, but
when we upload for the first time,
after clicking, you will get access to the gallery,
then after clicking, we will
start uploading from here, in the same way, cancelled
cheque, discharge summary and after this, final
hospital bill and the details of the proposer  ID
means Aadhar card, we have to upload all these details,
so here you
can see how we are uploading them one to one here, in the
same way, in a
proper manner, there should be a
very clear image in PDF or JPG,
we have to upload that and
after uploading, then we will process further, so
here all the bills like
medical bills, there can be multiple bills, so
we will add them by clicking on the plus icon, or if there are
multiple bills or reports of our checkup etc., then
we will click on the plus icon here and
submit it,
after processing, our complete details will be visible here,
whatever we have filled, then we will
give a declaration,
after giving the declaration, we will submit it finally,
as soon as we submit it,
an OTP will go to your registered mobile number,
we will have to enter the OTP here and
then submit it, as soon as we
submit, after this the
final submission will be done, thank you